handbook: make it clear that RFCs should have a single editor (#2693)
sourcegraph/about: handbook/communication/rfcs/index.md

- Title that includes the RFC number.
  - The title is inlined in the Google Doc so that it is more visible and will not disappear if exported to a different format.
- Metadata about the state of the RFC. Including but not limited to:
  - **Editor:** A single person responsible for iterating on the content of the RFC.
     - Generally, this is the author of the Google Doc but it is possible for ownership to be transferred.

>      - If there are multiple authors, they can be listed separately (e.g. under _Authors_), but a single person should be chosen and listed as the editor.

Reviewer: What problem does this solve that the Google Docs edit history doesn’t?

Author: In certain cases it's useful to signal that more than one person should feel ownership over the contents. E.g., a discussion in a meeting moves into an RFC — the PM or EM might start the RFC (and be the editor) but the team really owns the content.

>   - **Editor:** A single person responsible for iterating on the content of the RFC.
>      - Generally, this is the author of the Google Doc but it is possible for ownership to be transferred.
>      - If there are multiple authors, they can be listed separately (e.g. under _Authors_), but a single person should be chosen and listed as the editor.

Reviewer: My feedback on the current proposal is that "editor" and "author" sound like two different words for the same thing, so I worry it would result in confusion.

We could think of a different set of words to address that, or maybe clearer documentation here on the definition of what an editor is would be sufficient.

Below is my proposal, but I will leave it up to you to decide.

```suggestion
  - **Editor:** The single person who is directly responsible for the content in the RFC.
     - The editor ensures that:
        - The RFC is well written.
        - The right people review the RFC.
        - Comments and feedback are addressed.
        - The RFC progresses toward a resolution.
     - The editor frequently authors most of the document, but that is not a strict requirement. They may delegate responsibilities to other teammates.
```

Author: Sounds good to me.
